the work of maringá paraná hi elaine
in a natural relationship there, we talk to Luís do Maranhao to do the
president knows we had transfusion are already using car swap for another
product and we did accompanies possible
thank you i am always here everything goes well
what's up
if you're worried a little bit the truth my pen and you believe in
datafolha I only the following operating republic and its ministers are
working the week to minimize the effects of the stopwatch on the lives of
people are in first place now a detail the dose of the medicine cannot be
excessive so that the side effect is more damaging than Jesus himself is
and this is the heart of the matter the press is important to spread the truth
but it is not with a question like this did France, the lady here beside me is a
question in patriotic a question that goes against the interest of brazil
a question that leads or describes the Brazilian company a question me
sorry infamous to you that I'm accusing the press and being beaten standing up
you believe get out of the dawn front now that we want the solution to the case
we cannot avoid it and the effects of the coronavirus do not have
vaccine and as yet there is no treatment we can not take the
panic for society that panic is a disease too
it is more serious than the cause of the virus glasses itself
feeling but we have to take the job population are being
exterminated especially those who live in informality these people do not
can survive more than three or four days without their livelihood from informality
and the person with panic, she goes into depression, she becomes more susceptible
to pass the virus against me and has a tragic end to your life so
as we have no way of avoiding the virus we are just trying to lengthen the curve
contamination, we are making it possible, it is not possible to go beyond what
we're doing all the ministries has been working ceaselessly is none
question that the popularity of a certain better than mine does broad beans put will be
who no longer has the smartest Brazilian company to make a
question height of brazil height of lives that are at risk of this virus
now send me a question here look
a still more uses clt a way to preserve maize jobs and the date of
life the notice period allowed if you go on vacation now that is better than
that being fired basically is that our measures are there other measures are
being taken like yesterday saturday i don't even remember ok we had a video here
conference with the president of the nds I need the pis pasep resource for the
guarantee fund that we want to return the people is part of what he has
right to see bee of mine the total and its actions are 55 billion reais
aims at you hello redirect your loans or better aims at you
the city was new deadline for for for that your services
are paid ok it opens credit to also for to company with more interest
low the same thing you give a certain savings box during the week now
news here that are welcome right obviously by the situation that Brazil is
meets the health ministry's own tip working 24 hours a day
looking for solutions for that all work all the work without exception
I also here almost 24 hours a day are 22 ministries that I have for
front where the ones on my face are there but as far as the ministry of
quality competent people selfless people are delivering
completely looking for a solution to this problem
a little bit I will be without signal
and then automatic unemployment comes here
I have to go, right, no one is fired, no one. What I complain about is that
there are some authorities who are administering the medicine and it is certain that it takes
unemployment today I have video conference two a governor thing on
northeast after north where we will hear them
and logically take suggestions from him and what the government can do for
people's lives and maintaining their jobs will continue to do there
i already know i'm going to start with paulo guedes and collection stirring morals about the
suspension of payment for the six months of são paulo this has already been done by discussing
this proposal of this is in the federative pact and it was there that payment of the
how much wood can but have to listen to paulo guedes is he who will say
at the door of the line, right, how much does it cost I don't know millions maybe maybe 18
millions if I'm not mistaken here pluscare this measure to extend
for the other states and we have to tell me also i'm not sure são paulo
state that more then I believe to bring others right
my mother importance that is equivalent to attending in são paulo almost
are suffering right and I do not enter this field do not enter
right lady is a defended don't know why it was asked the question for him that
you did it for me you could say yes or no but it is still very far away I believe in
four weeks is Brazil here has already started to have a new horizon for
this collection of laughter I think the vice will be with me too now if I don't
I'm mistaken to schedule an audience with me talk to me every moment and I feel better
than here
and I don't think people know at 14 or 15 hours the first soft mole of
my part can transmit I'm sure it will be human but video that
it was very high level looking for solutions to the problem ok look guys
serious was and is not today has these two big
regions is tomorrow ti tomorrow tomorrow long here the other governors
until the next one to call you and then
the northeast store, which is very governing, you know, they want to take the time
right it gets better that concentrates more and better phrase that you can give
an answer for him is not 19 in the northeast i7 of the north is a lot of people right
so it is better to make a separate understanding and tomorrow do one or two more
from the south-west south-west center I did it at 0 and do a press conference after three depends
the moment depends on the weather right depends on what's happening you can’t score
here but thank you the wonderful person you are